# CS-255

The DriverPass project was focused on creating models for a client (DriverPass) creating a web application that would offer test preparation, courses, as well as in-person driving lessons to custoemrs. The goal here was to create a system that supports online and in-person courses that followed DMV guidelines. The system needed to be able to create accounts, employee and custoemr, book lessons, update lessons, as well as maintain all of this in a secure database. My recommendations for DriverPass were a web-based architecture hosted on any Cloud Provider's servers.
I feel like I did particularly well in the written portions of the assignements. One of my strong points is being able to clearly word a document so that it is easy to read and understand. Where I did poorly would be my diagrams, I am not currently very good at making them. However, at the end of our course I got to see a lot of work done by other students and these examples will be a great help to me in the future.
I also learned a lot about interpreting and implementing stakeholder, and user, needs into my design. By focusing on the steps customers and employees would take while performing the actions within this system I learned a lot about how with a proper plan it is easier to make these steps as quick and painless for the intended users. Doing this will allow me to make programs, or designs, that will keep the user and stakeholders in mind, ensuring that I deliver a product that will be well recieved on both ends.
As for my approach to designing software, I would say that I took a "user-centered" approach. I made every decision with the user's experience in the back of my mind. For my design I tried to break every step down into an easy to understand flow of operations that will keep the system running efficiently.
